Dear Alexy,

The Fall semester may be coming to a close, but there are still several virtual recruiting programs and events for you!

EMPLOYER INFO SESSIONS:
Tue 12/8, 4-5 PM: Arup (for CE, ECE, GEH, ME majors)
Wed 12/9, 4:30-6 PM: Box (for ECE majors)

RSVP not required, unless otherwise noted. Go to ECAC System > Events > Employer Events for details, including virtual location information and any schedule changes.

WORKSHOPS:
Recorded Workshop: Careers in Consulting by Deloitte
Recorded Workshop: Intro to LinkedIn by ECAC
Recorded Workshop: Job Searching for International Students by David Swaim & Associates
Recorded Workshop: Keep Calm & Career On: How to Job Search in a Pandemic by ECAC
Recorded Workshop: Patent Careers for Engineers by PLI
Recorded Workshop: Resume Writing by ECAC
Recorded Workshop: Virtual Interview Tips by ECAC

Go to ECAC System > Events > Workshops for details.

JOB SEARCH RESOURCES:
Be sure to check the “Jobs” section in the ECAC System where employers post jobs and internships anytime. Currently, there are 529 active postings. Some employers who are interviewing on campus will use the "Jobs" section to advertise positions, then build their own interview schedule. Employers have access to search the resume database as well, so make sure your default resume is up to date.

For additional job and internship postings, check out HireUTexas, a UT Austin campus-wide job board for students and alumni. Please note that some job postings may be applicable for all majors, so be sure to filter by your major and/or keywords.

ADDITIONAL CAREER RESOURCES:
Meet & Greet with WGA Consulting Engineers: On Fri 12/18, 11:30 AM-2 PM at the WGA corporate office (2500 Tanglewilde, Suite 120, Houston, TX 77063) for students interested in internships and possess the following qualifications:
• Interests in civil engineering including water/wastewater, hydrology & hydraulics, land and commercial site development
• Motivated individuals
• Critical thinker and proactive problem-solver
• Energetic work ethic
Food and drinks will be provided. Interested students should email recruiting@wga-llp.com as an RSVP is required for this event.

ClimateTech and Energy Prize @ MIT: Do you have the next $100K climatetech startup idea? Apply to the ClimateTech and Energy Prize @ MIT today! The competition is open to university teams from across the world to enter their business ideas in anything and everything related to climatetech and energy, including areas like ag-tech, cleantech, sustainability, circular economy, AI, and more. Semi-finalist teams in each track will receive mentoring and access to other resources through CEP@MIT sponsors and partners. The top four teams from the Semi-Finals go on to compete in the Finals. See program and application details at https://cep.mit.edu/apply . Application deadline is 2/5/21.

Law School Admissions Coaching & Pre-Law Events: Liberal Arts Career Services offers law school admissions coaching and events open to all undergraduates, regardless of major.

Pre-Health Professions Advising & Events: The Health Professions Office provides coaching and events related to professional health schools planning and admissions, open to all students, regardless of major.

ANNOUNCEMENTS:
ECAC Hiring for Part-Time Student Positions. Are you searching for an on-campus job for Spring 2021? We are currently hiring student staff to join the ECAC team. This position will be remote until otherwise determined. The ideal candidate is a currently enrolled student who enjoys customer service, takes initiative, communicates effectively, and is familiar with ECAC’s services and resources. To view the full job description, log in to your ECAC System account and search “Student Staff” in the jobs section. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and all interviews will be conducted via ZOOM (details will be shared with interview candidates). Direct any questions to marivel.leija@austin.utexas.edu. Deadline to apply is Mon 5/7, 11:59 PM.

Drop-in Career Advising: Offered Mon-Fri 9-11:30 AM and 1-4:30 PM via ECAC Zoom Virtual Lobby

Report a Bias to ECAC: Use this link to report any incidents of bias during the job search process (e.g., from a career event or interview) or at work (e.g., at an internship).

Video Mock Interview Tool: Available via ECAC System > Resources > Mock Interviews. Practice the ‘Engineering Mock Interview’ and then request feedback from one of the ECAC staff members. It’s a great way to prepare and improve your online interviewing skills!

Job Scam Alert: Please be wary of any employer or 3rd party staffing firm that offers to help or train candidates for a cost. Any legitimate employer who reaches out to candidates will do so without requesting fees or software downloads. See this guide about fraudulent employers and job scams. If you have any questions about an employer who contacts you about a job application or resume submission, please contact us. If you have been the victim of a scam, please report it to UTPD at 512-471-4441.

Please continue to pay attention to the various email announcements from the university leadership and visit https://coronavirus.utexas.edu/ for further university-wide updates. Stay safe and healthy, Longhorn Engineers!

Engineering Career Assistance Center | The University of Texas at Austin
Office: EER 2.604 | Phone: 512.471.1915
Student Virtual Lobby: M-F 8 AM-5 PM
Email | Web | Facebook | Instagram





